Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Our search for the oil field
is now more efficient with the cameras.
I expect nothing less
from my lovely cameras.
We were so reliant on Kohaku's vision.
But not anymore.
You two from the ground team.
how's it going?
There's something suspicious in the area
a little past the huge river
in front of Mount Fuji.
Make sure you check that spot.
Consider it done.
We should take ten billion photos
from the sky before winter comes.
There's no hope to find anything
when the land is covered in snow.
We will find it before winter.
The black jewel
slumbering beneath the earth.
petroleum. will be ours!
Darn it. Where is the petroleum?
Ouch!
Chestnut.
The aerial photos are useful
for stockpiling supplies for winter.
It's already autumn.
the season of plenty.
They only took a few months to grow!
Wheat is awesome!
It's no wonder
it's the staple food worldwide.
We can eat all we want!
My lower back... Farming is tough...
Don't worry. Yo!
Leave the rest to me!
I can do this all day!
You're the only one
who can work non-stop like an idiot.
Farming yields way more food than hunting.
but brings about way more fatigue too.
That's why we couldn't simply
start farming before reviving more people.
Now that we have our staple food.
the three-star restaurant.
"François." is open for business!
Very well.
I'll start putting together
a menu right away.
Allow me to check
the aerial photos for ingredients.
I approve.
Everyone is dog-tired
from increased labor.
Determination alone
isn't enough to get the muscles moving.
Work is science too.
The fuel every human needs is food.
And the ideal food
is a protein source that can be stored...
Such as a delicious gourmet meal!
What should we have?
Truffles. caviar. foie gras...
Hold on. those are impossible to make.
We don't even have the ingredients.
Sorry. but...
I've never heard François
utter the word "impossible."
You'll see.
Gourmet food that's rich in protein
and doesn't go bad easily?
Understood.
Then the menu item I'll prepare will be...
black truffle and meat rillettes.
Truffles...
I had expected
we'd run into this situation.
So I brought a capable expert
well-versed in this region's ecosystem.
Capable...
expert?
Long time no see!
Suika!
You really had everything thought out.
That's how François works.
It's blurry and bent. so I'm not sure.
But something rubbed against the branches.
It's probably a wild boar.
Wild boar meat...
We found the meat we need.
What about the truffles?
It's the premium fungus
known as "black diamonds."
Truffles can actually be found
in your average Japanese forest.
For real?
So black fungus is what we're looking for.
We found wild boars with these photos.
Are these also from nearby?
I'll use my eagle eyes...
I doubt you can find fungus
with those aerial shots.
Good vision is beside the point here.
Who knows?
Dear Kohaku might just find it right away.
Her sharp eyes are what makes her special.
but the secret of this ability
is the concentration she honed
from surviving in the wild all her life.
I found it. I found the black gem.
It's not possible to find any fungus
with those blurry photos.
What's this pool of black stuff then?
Now that you said it.
that does look unnatural.
Judging by the size.
it's about as big as a puddle.
Could it be?
It's the puddle of black gem
seeping up from the ground.
This is a priceless discovery!
You just spotted
the treasure trove we were looking for.
It's the Sagara Oil Field!
The photo is out of focus.
so we don't know the exact location.
That won't be a problem.
Now we send out everyone we can
to search every inch of the ground!
Our job is to support the search party
with food from our restaurant.
But we still haven't found
the truffles we need.
Don't worry. Master Suika.
The wild boars can track down
the scent of truffles.
I don't know much about science.
but every gourmet chef knows this.
The composition of the truffle's scent is
similar to the wild boar's love pheromone.
That's how they can find
and dig out truffles in the ground.
I found something!
Thanks for the treat.
Munch!
This was an oversight.
It's the reason people stopped using
pigs and wild boars to hunt for truffles.
Don't worry about it. François.
You can always count on
Detective Suika and Chalk!
Let Chalk follow the scent
of the soil from earlier...
It's no use.
Darn it. I wish the photo were clearer.
I can't take this anymore. for real...
We are looking for
a puddle in this vast forest.
We need more hints than just a photo.
The puddle will be impossible to find
once covered in snow.
We must find it now or else
all our hard work will go to waste.
My brain has a general idea.
I must have overlooked a massive clue.
It's somewhere in my hippocampus.
Then the menu item I'll prepare will be...
black truffle and meat rillettes.
What about the truffles?
It's the premium fungus
known as "black diamonds."
We found wild boars with these photos.
Are these also from nearby?
But we still haven't found
the truffles we need.
Don't worry. Master Suika.
The wild boars can track down
the scent of truffles.
The wild boars know.
The wild boars!
It's the story about the Sagara Oil Field
when it was discovered in 1872.
Hold on. I don't think
anyone here knows the story.
Wild boars take mud baths.
One day. someone found a wild boar
that reeked of oil stench.
They wondered how it got the stench.
so they followed the wild boar.
We found the truffles!
We can start
preparing the dish for our restaurant.
We start by preparing our rillettes
with wild boar meat.
This wild boar reeks of oil stench.
Don't cook the boar!
Take us to where you take your mud baths.
It's the place
with the black jewel. petroleum.
Bad! Suika tamed the boar already.
Thank you. Sagara.
Sagara. is that what you named
the wild boar?
It's our food.
I have to give it a name
to make it my friend.
This is it.
This is the puddle of black thing
I saw in the aerial photo.
Senku. what are you doing?
The black mud is burning!
It's a liquid that burns!
This is the fuel that will power our ship?
Yeah.
Humanity has finally
acquired petroleum in this new world!
We found the Sagara Oil Field.
UNLOCKED: PETROLEUM!
You did a great job. Sagara!
But François is going to turn you
into a dish...
François.
Let's hear what the chef has to say.
Are we going to eat that wild boar?
No.
That wild boar is covered in oil stench.
Its meat reeks of it too. We can't eat it.
You heard the chef.
You can either set it free or keep it.
Great! We can become friends!
We can't lift the morale
unless we reward the one that contributed.
Yeah.
But is that the only reason?
What? What else could it be?
Let's run some tests with the oil.
Is this...
It's a motorboat.
Oh. it's the engine
you're curious about. right?
It's a Stirling engine.
I made a Stirling fridge
to freeze Tsukasa's body.
The pistons' movements
cause temperature differences.
-Now it's the other way around.
-It's not about that...
-The temperature difference moves...
-Forget the engine for a moment!
Are we finally going out to sea
with this boat?
We'll have to see the quality
of the petroleum from Sagara.
Are you sure we should use this oil?
Are you absolutely sure? For real?
What? Isn't this the love potion?
Senku. do you have a crush on someone?
Love potion?
What are you talking about. dear Taiju?
You made the potion for me
at the lab that day.
You said it'd give me
the courage to confess to Yuzuriha.
That was the last moment
before we were turned into stone.
It activates the release of pheromone.
In other words. this is a love potion.
Drink this and your chance
of success will be ten billion percent.
I did!
I did tell you it was a love potion!
Your dense brain actually believed that?
It was just gasoline.
What? It was a prank?
If you think they smell alike.
not knowing what the potion actually was.
there's no doubt it will work.
The Sagara oil's carbon content
is the same as the gas from plastic caps.
which is five to twelve percent.
It's top-quality gasoline.
In other words. the last piece
of old-world tech you made
was gasoline?
The new world
have finally caught up to the past.
From here on. we are going to surpass it!
Moving out! Get in the boat!
Bad! This is fast!
We're traveling out of Japan on this!
We sail to the unknown parts
of the new world
with this boat of science!
Bad! We already lost sight of land!
That's because the sea-level horizon
is only a few kilometers off the coast.
It's my first time surrounded
by nothing but the sea.
It feels kind of lonely.
as though we were
the only people left in this world.
About 70 percent of Earth is the sea.
Most only know this as head knowledge.
I can't even tell which way we came from.
Are you sure we can go back?
We're supposed to travel hundreds of times
this distance during our voyage.
The sea is bad.
Don't worry.
I have a sextant.
Didn't Senku tell you the accuracy
of that thing is trash?
This is a leap of faith
with everyone's life at stake.
I want ten billion percent
accurate coordinates.
Of course we want that...
Dear Senku. what are you up to this time?
I'm going to make a GPS.
G...
P...
S...
Phones and cars are equipped with this.
It's a navigation device
that uses satellite signals.
Navigation on a car? Satellite?
We can't make a satellite!
Of course.
So I'm going to use a crazy-strong
radio tower in place of a satellite.
The radio tower will be powered
by water wheels stronger than batteries!
Switching on!
Check in with the radio tower.
We need our sonar operator.
Ukyo. for this.
Turn the antenna in random directions.
Then estimate the distance
based on the signal strength.
You know it's DIY
when you're operating manually.
Everyone out on the sea. do you read me?
Yeah! Crystal clear!
Ruri...
This is your first phone call with Chrome.
Wimpy Chrome was unable
to express his feelings.
Did you see that. Ruri? Science is bad!
So why not use the first phone
in the world
to take the initiative instead?
Girls are free
to express their feelings too.
My feelings... What do you mean?
Chrome.
I think everyone...
Why am I not surprised?
Noises disrupted a romantic moment.
Those are not noises.
But how...
A strong radio wave
suddenly came in from somewhere.
It's too saturated.
I can't even tell its direction.
Is it plasma or something?
No.
This is not natural.
Someone is intentionally using
the same frequency as ours.
When the radio tower
emitted that strong signal.
someone detected us.
Someone? But who could it be?
If other revived people exist.
they beat us to this technology.
Wait. could it be...
Morse code?
This is a message for us.
It's sending out the same signal.
Let's see... W...
H...
W-H-Y...
"Why?"
Why...
Could this be the doings of the mastermind
behind humanity's petrification?
We finally meet.
I've been waiting for 3.700 years!
I get goosebumps just thinking about it...
This story is fiction but the flora/fauna.
substances. and methods
are based on reality.
Collecting/making them is dangerous
and/or may constitute a criminal act.
Please do not attempt.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm